SDK V3 Kuzzle&WebSocket Documentation (#42)
kuzzleio/sdk-java: kuzzle-sdk-java/doc/3/core-classes/kuzzle/connect/index.md

---
code: true
type: page
title: connect
description: Connects to Kuzzle using the `host` property provided in the [websocket parameters](/sdk/java/3/protocols/websocket/constructor#arguments).
---

# connect

> Connects to Kuzzle using the `host` property provided in the [websocket parameters](/sdk/java/3/protocols/websocket/constructor#arguments). Subsequent call have no effect if the SDK is already connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connects to Kuzzle using the `host` property provided in the [websocket parameters](/sdk/java/3/protocols/websocket/constructor#arguments). Subsequent calls have no effect if the SDK is already connected.
```

## Arguments

```java
public void connect() throws Exception;
```

## Exceptions

> Throw an `Exception` when an error occur during the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throws an `Exception` when an error occurs during the connection.
```

Also... wouldn't a [ConnectException](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/13/docs/api/java.base/java/net/ConnectException.html) be better suited?
